And so, just a name-gen is just a preliminary and they rather curtailing types of investigation
that is not concluded either way, to combine names in an engine which indicates the rather
information which is later disproved as a consequence of a fueling company.
And you can also find cases of very serious ethanol agents which would not kill up naturally
in a name yet.
Sure, 100% right.
The name is Mr. Welch that normally occur in a name set.
Are those who have operated in some capacity or another above ground?
And our segments and the most important segments is the birth of activities in this country
as well as the low ground activity.
If it's a below ground activity, it's not likely to come up in the name set of one of our
investigating names.
It might or might not come up in the name set of FBI files because they have filed
assembled in parts from the information they get from the Archimedes and the Un-American
activities.
Mr. Welch, you may be interested in learning.
That's during the many years that I was a member of the Health Committee on Un-American
activities, the FBI constantly kept not less than one and frequently two agents stationed
in the fire rooms in which they kept their files going to them just to get the names out
of them which they might add into their file.
In case we had discovered something which they had overlooked and because the name is
in the file, there's not necessarily proof of them to be a bad American.
It's an indication that it deserves a little further exploration than it is.
Would you give me just a moment to ask me to demonstrate to instruct you to get Colonel Ringman
card for me now so I can have it when I examine them.
I'll be glad to ask you.
Now, I think I was in the un-American activity file room two or three times and all the
years I've done there.
But my guess would be if our files are unlikely files of the un-American activities committee.
If there is no derogatory information, there's probably no card and no file.
There's to be some about Colonel Ringman so we can file it.
Yes, all I will ask is chair to have a rest.
Lieutenant Maca-C, do you have somebody look to the files and see if they do have a spark or if they do have a file?
I'm sure if they do have, it can be made available to us.
Mr. Chairman, last day I was the very surprised to find that a file had been opened on...
Senator Ringman is the firm that the name's X is negative.
I will text, but that's the right thing.
But I'd be very surprised to find any file open on a man whether it was no derogatory information.
Is that connection Mr. Welp?
The chair one day when he was on the House Committee of the Un-American Activities suggested to our committee that we established a good housekeeping name,
just for people about whom questions have been raised and on whom we were unable to find any suspension of it.
In the main we abandoned the idea because it's might can raise some time.
An indication of innocence which is not justified because no field investigation has been held.
In a few cases I do know in the House file they have put in the files,
letters from Thunder Creek and Congressman and some investigating vacancies,
indicating that there are some good qualities and good features about an investigation
and the offset some of the derogatory information.
I have in mind a prominent citizen of New York,
whom I did that very thing about two years ago.
Due to the fact that a member of his family with a similar name had frequently found his way correctly into the address files
and put in a letter saying that that did not indicate that there was anything at risk for this individual.
But by and large there is no such thing as I know of any place in Washington as a sort of a good housekeeping label
where you'll list the good Americans or the Americans to get some charges or not make.
Now if the Senator can't find in the file, anything on Mr. Ringwear or the regulatory nature or the commended regulatory nature,
I hope you will put it simply in a state that I am reasonably certain that there was,
because they would not open up a file having found nothing of the derogatory nature.
If you will have somebody who is unrested with the file who make a text or that we will know,
then that's certainly not.
Senator McCarthy stated that Senator Jackson or I had moved one time to have a few checks made of all potential employees.
I think that's the right.
I know I made that motion back in the days when Senator Hui was a member of the chairman of the committee,
and I was a minority member.
As the motion prevailed then, and I believe I recall Senator Jackson making it after he came on the committee some years later.
And the motion carries both times.
One of the things that I hope may come from is industries from the hearing of this time,
is the little bit of relationship of a practical relationship,
a relationship that's blended with our ideologies to turn between the FBI and our committee.
But if we should develop a working range that seems impossible at present time,
whereby the FBI had the authority to make a complete field text of all of our staff members,
I certainly would favor it.
About a year ago, I wrote this day yesterday at the Hoover and told him that since I realized anybody in the communist-caating business was all with that text,
I would have been treated if he'd make a field text of the ten young people working in my office.
And I received back a very polite letter saying that under the authority of the FBI they had no authority
to make that kind of text for an individual senator or for a committee.
I do think that we might get some attention.
The committee's in a legislative picture, so that the FBI would have the authority,
I'm sure they would be very happy to cooperate in that connection.
I wonder if the chair would make it very clear for the benefit of our blood-winged public that
is not the FBI that accuses this field of investigation about it entirely up to the Chinese general.
Mr. Hoover would of course conduct that from industry.
That is correct. It's not the fall of the FBI and I don't think it's the fall of the attorney general,
but basically, half of the FBI's created a film primarily as an executive agent.
And one of the difficulties of this coordination between the refugees and the judiciary is that
there is some question which can literally not be raised about the desirability of the propire.
And executive agency making a text of the staff of the legislator's members that comes to question.
So it isn't easy, and there's no fault with anybody in the fact that the attorney general is a fugitive of the city.
The FBI has been doing this. We have not developed a workable topic which is too deceptive for the profession.
I mean, as better the chair than I am, I just think it would be extremely important if we could make an arrangement
that our investigative agency could have a full field investigation of all employees if it would be a very benefit.
And I think that some of the agencies would be much freer about giving us information than they do for us now.
I'd like to add that when he had the responsibility of conducting this hearing or investigation,
so I would like to confirm him. He called the FBI and asked Mr. Hoover whether he should recommend the Mississippi Census.
But, gentlemen, a group of staff members care as a part of the system.
And I just want to tell you a few minutes and do time I have to go.
I'm sorry. Can I know that?
That's all you have to for. You may not.
You may leave as you may leave as you want to yet.
There are columnists of Hoover asking if he could recommend an investigative committee.
Mr. Hoover was very sympathetic with the approach to the study.
He had a follow-up with the justice rule that he had followed with the House Committee of the American Activities,
with the General Committee and with our committee, and refrain from making specific recommendations.
Mr. Hoover, we do have a family of retests, so it's been a minute. I'll end the slide.
The family says until the whistle turns.
Dr. Herzl-Tram and the Clarke A.
Reach, reach.
The radio will come back to the organ.
The chair of the board will come back to the organ.
The committee will come to the organ please.
The committee will take their seats.
I'll just don't ensure the same as it was when we reached out.
And so we all now have to reiterate the testimony, administration, and the correct.
When I apologize for the terrible, or the roughly asking for a recess,
I had refused a message of the chair for my secretary, and I felt it was just a position important for my...
I did want to take care of three minutes off.
Well, we had to have a mid-afternoon recess anyhow now. We had had it.
The time keep provided the chair he just had 26 seconds left to be timed.
So I will yield that 26 minutes, 26 seconds, and call on Senator Jack.
Senator McCarty, I look to the darkness that you handed me.
The sign plan outline in connection with the study that he made regarding psychological warfare.
I think you believe, I think you stated that it was the bloodless type of warfare.
I understand that as a one document he sent to the State Department on the land,
any misdeeds, and I have not read it, so that if you want to cross the enemy on that, just a great way to plan it.
I have not read it.
Well, I just asked Stuart, in fact I had gone all the way through it, with straight answers.
And I noticed that if you're going to answer me, if you're going to question me on that, I would want to copy you.
Well, I can read to you from that directive.
No, I would want to copy of any documents, but do you have an extra copy of this?
No, I have no extra copy. I gave you the only copy of this in the file.
It was submitted to me, and it's really an amazing document.
I think we ought to have a copy made immediately.
You sent it to me, and of course we're going to send them.
I did not have an opportunity to read it except during the...
Would you be able to do root if you have a copy made?
In the other case, you may have a way.
Well, you say that if I read just full item by item, you can...
I was not on to the examiner on documents, but does not read.
Unless I have a document to call me.
I'll be glad to have this one.
I'll take it down and have a copy of it.
I'll have a slide for a while to make the call.
If you write them all you can, so I can see your copy, too.
I'll re-writ the front of a copy, too, that phase of the inquiry.
So that the copies are back to me.
In the Army of Bill of particular,
charge eight, and I read it to you.
I'll wait again until I get the Bill of particular...
...uh...
...I'm just going to go in there.
Charge eight, Bill of the Army.
Honor above November 6th, send the McCarthy, Mr. Colman, Mr. Car.
Talk to Indu and persuade Secretary Steven the Nitter Adams.
The reign for the assignment of five times in New York City.
The study and report evidence, if any, of pro-communist leanings in West Point textbook.
Is that allegation to or for?
We're burning out to an assignment, Mr. Steven, as a matter of fact,
that he doesn't have to call any such attention for the department of the car.
Now please turn to allegation 18.
18, Mr. Steven.
Ready?
Right.
Honor above December 10th, 1953,
Penitenti McCarthy and Mr. Car, talk to obtain a special assignment for five times.
In New York City for the purpose of studying textbooks at West Point,
is that allegation through or for?
For.
Honor above January 14th, 2020.
Excuse me, I beg your pardon.
Charge number 25.
Right.
Honor above January 14th, 1954,
Penitenti McCarthy directly requested Secretary Steven to cause private signs to be assigned to the New York City area,
epic conclusion of his tour of duty at Camp Bors New York.
Is that allegation true or for?
Allegation 28.
Honor above January 20th, 1954.
Penitenti McCarthy, repressive Mr. Adams to obtain a special assignment for private sign in New York.
And suggested that Mr. Cohn would continue to harass the Army unless the demand was exceeded to.
Is that allegation true or for?
Well, let's Chairman, that's all the questions that this time I'll wait until the copy of the document comes down.
And if I may, let's Chairman, at the last ten minutes, I'd ask you if you were safe upon me,
the target made by Secretary Steven Smith-Watt.
Yes.
What you answered was the charge that you had used the investigating committee of the Tennyson Water Doors,
the cure or attempted to cure a reference for Steven Smith-Watt.
I was all yours.
You answered that was both.
I think that's been proven by the monitored phone call from a testimony in the prison for the military.
I like this. I might say if I can take this one second.
I'm just going to send it back.
I want to put it in the front of the car for a while, it's the most bread-right-the-burdy.
But it's not, so we must proceed, I think.
You will agree with me that if the charges are not proven, that I'm responsible activists and committees.
The target has been charged with what is made by Steven Smith-Watt and not Steven Smith-Watt.
That's a very serious, not in a safe but non-conquering way.
That's been proven.
Very serious.
The military is harder, I think we should say in fairness to Secretary Steven Smith in the monitoring phone call.
I'm at the time, I believe once we call the news, we call them the columns.
Number calls from Mr. Smith-Watt.
Mr. Steven Smith made it very clear that he felt there was nothing to this.
What induced him is in the age of March, and he felt there was nothing to this and the eleventh from the formal, very vicious charge of the file.
And induced him to the content of the file, or if he knew there would be files, I don't know.
The senator, in order to the record of the complete, what is your answer to this charge that will take down the law at home?
I use this position as a member of the staff of the committee in order to secure the appropriate treatment in the half of the public charge.
I'll give him my own answer.
I'll get a reply from a boy told me, I'll be able to meet with the hergier.
I am firmly convinced that it's just in just some details of the column that there's absolutely nothing to it.
And I'm guessing that's an action from her father.
If they could point their finger to something improper to draw it this, if they could point their finger to some investigation that he induced us to start to put on him start.
From what the should not have been called, something is a little improper, then I would be a little more curious about these charges.
The email I recall, and I said in the stratum found that there's a lot of anything wrong with it, that's a wrong.
The only act that he could put his finger on was that Mr. Cohn had failed to get me to call on an investigation to show why the members of the old loyalty board had cleared people's come to trick us to working with the radar laboratories.
Roy never tried to get me to call at all, if he had a sort of a month special.
On that line, yes.
As David Charnier security commissioner in the Army, I'll be able to assign to a position in the yard.
Would you have followed all the hearings that were thought-moments?
The science situation would have in no way affected our investigation.
May I say that I am very happy now that the science is a private.
Well, maybe he may have liked it to be listening.
It shows that he got no special consideration with any kind.
The only special consideration with Dave Charnier got taken all the other of all the other purchases was that he was allowed to work.
And he's off-hours instead of engaged in recreation.
He'll condemn that David Charnier has been discriminated against because of his former connections with it tonight.
I wasn't wanting to pass them that.
I read a story and they wasn't even papers.
I don't want to be an authority for their velocity, which they say that he was scheduled for some special tool and intelligence.
They said the White House intervened and kept him from getting that particular training.
I frankly can't believe the White House would intervene.
I don't know how over.
When the dark came up to your potter, the meeting was January 21st.
It was the machinery of the Southern Russians for these two charges to be made.
I think the President being very, very badly advised has decreased that no one can tell what happened in the meeting.
Then we have the Good Thunder of Missouri, Thunder of Simonton, who got the top Democrat advisor to advise our product committee to apply.
And Thunder of Simonton decided not to take the stand.
I'm not going to put it on for the last.
The man I take now 30 seconds to make one thing clear, Mr. Cameron, if I may.
I would like to make it clear that my appearing on the stand should be no problem in the next 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 years for a four-thing Thunder of his go-peer.
I wanted clear that I appear here upon my own volition.
If I had been subpoenaed, frankly, I would not have appeared.
I think that under the Constitution, you cannot force Thunder of his.
Intestifying. I think it could be made very clear in the record of this time that this should not be a precedent for forcing a Thunder.
Sometimes in the future to appear, but that reason I may say to the Thunder of Missouri.
I have no intention of attempting to force him to testify.
I wish he would, but if he decides not to, he may be right, I may be wrong.
I have no particular.
And the Thunder.
The enemy's lucky.
Mr. Collins got you, the one he got, the Secretary's even though not over 27.
He's both gone about getting a two-week follow-up, a five-in-kind after his induction.
Mr. Collins told me that he discussed with Stephen, not getting a follow-up, but getting temporary duty with the committee in order to clean up his work.
If you tell Mr. Collins, if you thought five-in-kind, what not to be three separately for many of the American boy who is back is four-wheeled freedom now.
You'll be on it.
Mr. Collins told you that he spoke to Secretary Stephen Spachine about having Mr. Jones and the CIA, and that he would appreciate Mr. Stephen's withdrawal to Alan Dulles about it.
A very small Mr. Collins told me that Mr. Stephen was brought up originally and that the first time Mr. Collins agreed to it.
And then later, as I recall, inspecting him wrongly, the late later Mr. Collins suggests that he should not do that because we were at that time conducting a preliminary investigation of the threat of the CIA and the Dundet Defense Declaration now.
We just checked with Mike. He's gone to get the facts right.
Second Monday.
Well, all I can tell you about Mr. Smith's coming to me is that Mr. Collins did just discuss with me the fact that he had talked to Stephen about a fellow or not.
Mr. Smith is not a trained, which is an experience that our committee is investigating terminus.
It might not be as done as an CIA, they just tested.
And Mr. Collins brought up the question of whether or not that would be wise and viewed as fact that we were currently still as a today conducting a preliminary investigation of what looked to be.
It might look like a very, very dangerous situation in the CIA.
I might add, I know you agree with me that. I hope it's wrong if there is any such infiltration, terminus, and because of very large majority of our military budget based on analysis of foreign military efforts, that's $29.5 billion, I think 10th version I think it was.
I think the question is, from the time he's been to the year of CREDIP, when we brought this matter up, some time ago, the question of whether or not we should have a public investigation, I think you really, individuals who suggest that we shouldn't get into a public hospital unless we knew we just pulled our cooperation from the executive branch.
I believe before I'd announced the report back, my Democrat friend was at the committee.
I thank you.
Madam Attorney, the good tell Mr. Collins, you didn't think I'd beg you for it, and I read that question before.
When, if you first learned that five of the time was going to have a two week furlough after each induction, I couldn't give you the day if I know that the law is the only thing he was going to be inducted in, I think that he was giving two weeks to finish his work for the committee.
On November 7th, you spoke to Secretary Stevenson that you're not an answer, not to put China in service and to sign him back to the committee.
I think that for the monitoring's role was so.
You said at that time that you're not that there was nothing indispensable about it.
I thought he was a good man, but not in the front, no one was in the front, I think even the son of the Missouri is not in the front.
If you were telling Secretary Steven to that time, or you're not saying that, if you were telling him the fact that you saw it, the truth is there was nothing indispensable about Mr. Johnson.
The letter of that approach, I feel was known as an accomplice.
Do you ever tell Mr. Collins to stop acting for such a weekend passes for Mr. Johnson?
No.
Did you ever suggest to Secretary Steven that he should revolt the orders, making special arrangements for private times we can leave?
On September 7th, didn't you tell Secretary Stevenson that this was one of the few things you had seen with the phone completely unreasonable about?
I think there was no November 7th.
I beg your pardon.
It isn't about November 7th.
I just got to his statement of the day before last, I think he got to take his discussion of the day before with the conversation of 7th.
I first told Bob Steven that the throwing away difference, that I felt that the news re-dirt man we have, Donald Barclay, could write the report.
And if we were not reasonable, they would try every weekend.
Roy differs.
He felt that no one else could write the report except the man who had been working on a full time.
And I've got to admit, this was one of the times when Roy was right.
Did you tell Mr. Collins that he was being unreasonable about private time?
I don't think I used the word unreadable.
Didn't you order Mr. Collins to put being unreasonable about private time?
No.
Because I didn't think he was unreasonable.
At no time, you didn't order him to teach his repress or withdraw his repress for special weekend passes.
Is that right?
Well, but let's get this data from me.
When you talk about special weekend passes, we're talking about his right to work, use to the play, when he was not in training.
I don't think that any sexual favor for a private.
Well, I know that Mr. Chappin did say I think Roy takes me and let him come back for weekend to something so as girls won't get too long to him.
Maybe if they take his hero, I'll be one who want to come back.
Well, I'm here, so that's not an issue, man.
The last little before Dave was down a fortice.
He wasn't a gore at private time keeping his girls to be as long as the Miss Ergen committee did with you.
No, I was not.
Now you heard Mr. Collins have to fire repeatedly that the only purpose of his request to leave was so that Mr. Chann could do committee work.
Right?
Yes.
When you talk to Secretary Stevens, which were you interested in, the work of the committee, or the girl getting along?
Under this might seem humorous, but neither.
I felt the bomb Stevens would make him a sight.
If he were to assign Mr. Chann to temporary duty with the committee, after he were inducted, you'll find that's made very clear in that phone, monochrome call.
I felt it would be bad for the committee, bad for the secretary.
I just just thought that Mr. Chann would be the tone and they agreed with me.
But you know the grade that it would be, would not be just a file that would affect the weekend factors for a soldier so he could see his girlfriend, right?
I don't think he's done any of those weekend things in girlfriends.
Every soldier has a personal or weekend bathroom.
I think you'll find that there's time even on those weekends of the average, drafting and getting to work and take for example who you're in.
You'll find that.